updated Dashboard, Pivot EUD 20.1 (#107)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-desktop/articles/pivot-table/data-presentation/pinned-(fixed)-columns.md

---
title: Pinned (Fixed) Columns 
author: Margarita Zakhodyaeva
---

# Pinned (Fixed) Columns

> The Pivot Grid Control allows you to pin columns to the left or rightmost edge. The pinned columns are never scrolled horizontally, so you can use them as a reference point for adjacent cell values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pivot Grid Control allows you to pin columns to the left or right edge. The pinned columns do not scroll horizontally, so you can use them as a reference point for adjacent cell values. 
```

 ![](../../../images/win-pivot-fixed-pinned-columns.png)

>  To pin or unpin a column, right-click the column's header and select the corresponding command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To pin or unpin a column, right-click the column header and select the corresponding command:
```

 ![](../../../images/win-pivot-fixed-columns-pin-column.png)  

## Limitations
Fixed columns have the following limitations:
* You cannot pin [custom totals](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridCustomTotalCollection).

> * In [Legacy and Legacy-optimized](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/401531/devexpress-pivot-grid-core-library/data-processing-engines/legacy-and-legacy-optimized-calculation-engines) mode, the values in the pinned column are not displayed if you [collapse](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1940/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/end-user-capabilities/expanding-and-collapsing-grouping-columns-and-rows) the corresponding column in the scrollable area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In [Legacy and Legacy-optimized](https://docs.devexpress.com/CoreLibraries/401531/devexpress-pivot-grid-core-library/data-processing-engines/legacy-and-legacy-optimized-calculation-engines) mode, values in the pinned column are not displayed if you [collapse](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/1940/controls-and-libraries/pivot-grid/end-user-capabilities/expanding-and-collapsing-grouping-columns-and-rows) a corresponding column in the scrollable area.
```
